1	The good life is not the consumer life: opportunities for creativity and meaningful work, time for family and friends, green spaces in cities, and wilderness for other creatures are more important elements.
2	I especially feel transformed, with a sense of belonging in old forest groves.
3	I often feel confused or strange, or sad when in a forest grove.
4	Even when I see tiles and stones shattered and crushed, I cannot help a feeling of regret; when I see plants broken and destroyed, I cannot help a feeling of pity. 
5	I feel easily connected with ancestors in old forest groves.
6	Forests are especially valuable for their beauty.
7	The lessons nature teaches me lead to a deep sense of calm.
8	All creatures are here for reasons other than serving human beings, and each has a moral right to space and freedom.
9	 Mountains have a right to to exist in beauty without being transfigured  by mining for raw materials.
10	In the free-market  each individual acts to maximise his or her own interest, and by so doing benefits fully exploits natural resources. This creates the greatest possible benefit to us all.
11	Religious lifestyles that aim to transcend nature create carelessness about  our environment.
12	I understand that what is regarded as sacred is more likely to be treated with care and respect.
13	If we create sacred  areas, then increased damage to the non-sacred areas would occur.
14	When transcendent heaven is not the central goal of human life, then forceful claims by humans for dominating nature become evident.
15	 Human superiority lies in technological progress and sustained economic growth.
16	Plants respond to human communication.
17	Forests contain NEITHER nasty NOR helpful spirits.
18	Cultural diversity and biological diversity are hardly related.
19	All things in nature are interconnected and depend upon each other for life. 
20	Life force is in a breathing animal, growing plant and inorganic matter.
21	To knowingly destroy  rain forest, or any other unique feature of the natural world restricts our ability to contemplate and communicate with nature.
22	Where rituals have been enacted for many years great reservoirs of power are built up.
23	The Universe I regard as my body and that which directs the universe I consider as my nature.
24	From the water we drink, to the air we inhale, to  the elements themselves, all can feel us.
25	The Creative life-force and Earth are my parents, and even a small creature like myself finds an intimate place in their midst.
26	Natural or Cosmic law is never violated as things run their customary course.
27	Nature is so neatly  integrated, that if good is done within it  good will return if harm is done within it , we hurt ourselves.
28	Legends which say a place has a guardian spirit or muse usually contain some truth.
29	Because the costs of reducing greenhouse gas emissions outweigh the benefits to the economy, climate-change programs are not justified. 
30	 Most of us enjoy the consumer lifestyle but we need to overcome our addiction to it because it is damaging ourselves and the environment.
31	An environmental policy based on loss and profit accounting procedures should work. 
32	People these days generally possess no more than they need.
33	Solutions to environmental problems are found with a commitment to social justice.
34	 An environmental crisis requires personal self-cultivation, and change in personal values.
35	With each culture or nation keeping its own world view and rule, eventually sustainable lifestyles and  on earth will come about.  
36	Rituals like thanksgiving can help the land to flourish and enhance our intimacy with nature.
37	Human greed leads to division and ownership of the land, and this in turn promotes violent conflict, destruction of nature, and chaos.
38	The unique position of humankind amongst creatures lies in the fact that it is accountable for its actions.
39	The advantage of humankind lies in its ability to deal with nature, more than any other creature.
40	Science and Scientific/Legal will be able to reconcile our economy and the natural environment: We can solve any ecological problem.
41	Recent developments in technology enable us to better manage natural  resources.
42	Scientific ecological  knowledge, and the law, can  deal adequately now with complex ecosystems, regardless of societies' culture.
43	Science gives the only comprehensive, and realistic story of the natural world.
44	While a man was riding a cow, it turned toward him and said: ..... "I have not been created for this purpose [of riding] I have been created for plowing."
45	I do not believe that scientific theory explains the universe or our environment it is one more story like the rest.
46	Our ecosystem includes the sacred source of life as well as such things as the light of the Sun and the Earth.
47	I would allow the transformation of a sacred landscape for the sake of sustainable developments or need.
48	Local residents protest against a TV transmitting mast on Tory Hill, Waterford in Ireland because the site is sacred: This protest is foolish.
49	Nature is a  genuine source of understanding  for transcendental life, and so cannot be considered secondary to human whims.
50	A model cardboard church cannot be a sacred site.
51	land use practices cannot be made sacred.
52	Cosmologists create a world of meaning from raw data.
53	To better understand the cosmos we require an understanding of higher mathematics and electron microscopes and telescopes that penetrate deep into distant galaxies.
54	Plant and animal life are like Natures frescoes, both beautifying and exemplifying the transcendental, Natural Law. 
55	Plants signify birth, death AND rebirth.
56	Because nature, in all its forms, cannot explain its own being, it stands as a sign of something beyond itself.
